Why are you here?
Mr. Sun
I heard they were taking back the school land.
I came back.
Still a piece of land
Then I tell you
You two students have offended
I'm going to book this land today
Tomorrow you will be kidnapped
Don't worry, I will definitely fight you to the end today.
Catholic Villagers Assembly
Everyone is satisfied by my Liu family
What are you doing to make it popular?
I don't believe it.
You can still beat you up like buying a stock this time
As far as I know
All your money is in my hands now.
Don't worry about where my money is.
Let's see what happens.
Let's go
It's over.
The school will definitely not be able to report it.
Teacher Sun, don't worry.
I'm sure I won't let them succeed again
Chen Feng
They've bought off the entire village committee
It's working now, it's too late.
Follow my last one.
An archaeological museum was built next to the school
As long as there are cultural relics
Then no one has the right to fight again
And this one next to it.
The wasteland that no one cares about
I remember building a big luggage mine later
If you take it now
Is that Director Zhang of the Cultural Heritage Bureau?
I found an ancient site